feat: add ink v3.5 whitelabel contracts (#1015)
bgd-labs/aave-address-book: README.md

You can find a searchable version of the address book on [https://search.onaave.com/](https://search.onaave.com/).

> _Please note: contract addresses of whitelabel instances which are not directly controlled by the Aave DAO are also included in this repository. For example, the [AaveV3InkWhitelabel](src/AaveV3InkWhitelabel.sol) which is controlled by the Ink team._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Please note: contract addresses of whitelabel instances which are not directly controlled by the Aave DAO are also included in this repository. A complete list of Whitelabel instances controlled by their respective teams can be found here_
```
I think keeping a list of the white-label instances somewhere might be helpful, so we can just update the list
